README.md, before:

# DevTools

## Must have
### [Intergen Slack](https://team-intergen.slack.com/)
   Communication with Intergen teams
   
### [Cmder](http://cmder.net/)
   + Console emulator with a bunch of added features
   + Add aliases from the file in this repository to %CMDER_ROOT%\config\user-aliases.cmd and edit the file for file paths specific to your environment, then restart Cmder. 

### [Resharper](https://www.jetbrains.com/resharper/)
   + Code analysis / refactor assistance / navigation / everything
   + Import the Resharper Live Templates.xml file into Resharper once instaled in VS for additional code-snippets

## Cutting code
### Visual Studio Extensions
   
   + [C# outline](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/9390e08c-d0aa-42f1-b3d2-5134aabf3b9a)
      Add code collapsibility to every block of code (loops, ifs, etc.), not just methods and regions

   + [Productivity Power Tools](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/34ebc6a2-2777-421d-8914-e29c1dfa7f5d)
      Adds some nice conveniences

   + [VSColorOutput](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/f4d9c2b5-d6d7-4543-a7a5-2d7ebabc2496)
      Colorizes the output window based on RegEx’s
   
   + [End of the line](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/545e56a7-98d7-47f9-9d84-4681f2903060)
      Line ending viewer extension for VS
   
   + [Code snippets](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms165392.aspx) 
      for VS and Code

### [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com)
   + Lightweight Code editor
   + Packages: [Emmet](http://docs.emmet.io/), [git merge](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/versioncontrol)

### [Sublime text 3](https://www.sublimetext.com/3)
   + Plugings: [Pretty JSON](https://blog.adriaan.io/sublime-pretty-json.html)

### [Dirty markup](http://www.dirtymarkup.com/)
   + Online JSON/HTML formatter

### [Online Json Viewer](http://jsonviewer.stack.hu/)
   + Online Expandable / Collapsible JSON formatter

## Debugging
### [dotTrace](https://www.jetbrains.com/profiler/)
   + .NET code profiler, performance tool
   
### [Postman](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/postman/fhbjgbiflinjbdggehcddcbncdddomop?hl=en)
   + API testing

### [Fiddler](https://www.telerik.com/download/fiddler)
   + Network traffic analyser
   
### [Wireshark](https://www.wireshark.org/)
   + Open source network package analyser. 
   
### ILSpy [plugin](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/8ef1d688-f80c-4380-8004-2ec7f814e7de) | [app](http://ilspy.net/)
   + Integrated decompiler

### [Fusion Log Viewer](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/e74a18c4.aspx)
   + Bind failure logging.
   
### [ProcDump](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/dd996900.aspx) and [Windebug](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/hardware/windows-driver-kit)
   + Dump memory crash and analyse. 

### [Process Explorer](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/processexplorer.aspx)
   + Good to view dll injection and terminal session debugging.
   
## Testing
### [Testdriven.net](http://www.testdriven.net/)
   + Fast test runner

### [Browser stack](https://www.browserstack.com/)
   + Cross browser testing

### [Exploratory testing](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/exploratory-testing-previ/gnldpbnocfnlkkicnaplmkaphfdnlplb)
   + Chrome extension that integrates with VSO directly for bug creation (has recording + screen capture etc)

### [NCrunch](http://www.ncrunch.net/)
   + Automatic concurrent testing + intelligent test execution

### [Wallabyjs](https://wallabyjs.com/)
   + Same as NCrunch but for js/ts

## Azure tools
### [Storage Explorer](http://storageexplorer.com/)
   + Tool to browse/modify Azure Storage resources and data
   
### [Service Bus Explorer](https://code.msdn.microsoft.com/windowsapps/Service-Bus-Explorer-f2abca5a)
   + Manage and test the entities contained in an Azure Service Bus namespace

## Other Tools
### [Vectr](https://vectr.com/)
   + Web graphics editor for designing hi-fidelity mockups (Like Sketch on mac)

### [Remote desktop connection manager](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=44989)
   + Nice interface for remoting into several environments at once.
   
### [Hack](http://sourcefoundry.org/hack/)
   + A typeface for code.
   
### [Learn Git Branching](http://learngitbranching.js.org/?NODEMO)
   + Online branch visualizer to test git branching changes

Commit message:

Added tools (#9)
* Added KeePass

* Added Wappalyzer

README.md, after:

# DevTools

## Must have
### [Intergen Slack](https://team-intergen.slack.com/)
   Communication with Intergen teams
   
### [Cmder](http://cmder.net/)
   + Console emulator with a bunch of added features
   + Add aliases from the file in this repository to %CMDER_ROOT%\config\user-aliases.cmd and edit the file for file paths specific to your environment, then restart Cmder. 

### [Resharper](https://www.jetbrains.com/resharper/)
   + Code analysis / refactor assistance / navigation / everything
   + Import the Resharper Live Templates.xml file into Resharper once instaled in VS for additional code-snippets

## Cutting code
### Visual Studio Extensions
   
   + [C# outline](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/9390e08c-d0aa-42f1-b3d2-5134aabf3b9a)
      Add code collapsibility to every block of code (loops, ifs, etc.), not just methods and regions

   + [Productivity Power Tools](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/34ebc6a2-2777-421d-8914-e29c1dfa7f5d)
      Adds some nice conveniences

   + [VSColorOutput](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/f4d9c2b5-d6d7-4543-a7a5-2d7ebabc2496)
      Colorizes the output window based on RegEx’s
   
   + [End of the line](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/545e56a7-98d7-47f9-9d84-4681f2903060)
      Line ending viewer extension for VS
   
   + [Code snippets](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/ms165392.aspx) 
      for VS and Code

### [VS Code](https://code.visualstudio.com)
   + Lightweight Code editor
   + Packages: [Emmet](http://docs.emmet.io/), [git merge](https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/editor/versioncontrol)

### [Sublime text 3](https://www.sublimetext.com/3)
   + Plugings: [Pretty JSON](https://blog.adriaan.io/sublime-pretty-json.html)

### [Dirty markup](http://www.dirtymarkup.com/)
   + Online JSON/HTML formatter

### [Online Json Viewer](http://jsonviewer.stack.hu/)
   + Online Expandable / Collapsible JSON formatter

### [Wappalyzer](https://wappalyzer.com/)
   + Identify software on the websites you visit

## Debugging
### [dotTrace](https://www.jetbrains.com/profiler/)
   + .NET code profiler, performance tool
   
### [Postman](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/postman/fhbjgbiflinjbdggehcddcbncdddomop?hl=en)
   + API testing

### [Fiddler](https://www.telerik.com/download/fiddler)
   + Network traffic analyser
   
### [Wireshark](https://www.wireshark.org/)
   + Open source network package analyser. 
   
### ILSpy [plugin](https://visualstudiogallery.msdn.microsoft.com/8ef1d688-f80c-4380-8004-2ec7f814e7de) | [app](http://ilspy.net/)
   + Integrated decompiler

### [Fusion Log Viewer](https://msdn.microsoft.com/en-us/library/e74a18c4.aspx)
   + Bind failure logging.
   
### [ProcDump](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/dd996900.aspx) and [Windebug](https://developer.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/hardware/windows-driver-kit)
   + Dump memory crash and analyse. 

### [Process Explorer](https://technet.microsoft.com/en-us/sysinternals/processexplorer.aspx)
   + Good to view dll injection and terminal session debugging.
   
## Testing
### [Testdriven.net](http://www.testdriven.net/)
   + Fast test runner

### [Browser stack](https://www.browserstack.com/)
   + Cross browser testing

### [Exploratory testing](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/exploratory-testing-previ/gnldpbnocfnlkkicnaplmkaphfdnlplb)
   + Chrome extension that integrates with VSO directly for bug creation (has recording + screen capture etc)

### [NCrunch](http://www.ncrunch.net/)
   + Automatic concurrent testing + intelligent test execution

### [Wallabyjs](https://wallabyjs.com/)
   + Same as NCrunch but for js/ts

## Azure tools
### [Storage Explorer](http://storageexplorer.com/)
   + Tool to browse/modify Azure Storage resources and data
   
### [Service Bus Explorer](https://code.msdn.microsoft.com/windowsapps/Service-Bus-Explorer-f2abca5a)
   + Manage and test the entities contained in an Azure Service Bus namespace

## Other Tools
### [Vectr](https://vectr.com/)
   + Web graphics editor for designing hi-fidelity mockups (Like Sketch on mac)

### [KeePass](http://keepass.info/)
   + Password manager useful for storing passwords within a repository and locked with a master password.

### [Remote desktop connection manager](https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/download/details.aspx?id=44989)
   + Nice interface for remoting into several environments at once.
   
### [Hack](http://sourcefoundry.org/hack/)
   + A typeface for code.
   
### [Learn Git Branching](http://learngitbranching.js.org/?NODEMO)
   + Online branch visualizer to test git branching changes
